31483: clarify monitoring language (#37462)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/debug/debug-cluster/resource-usage-monitoring.md

based on its current state, using mechanisms such as the Horizontal Pod
Autoscaler. The monitoring pipeline fetches metrics from the kubelet and
then exposes them to Kubernetes via an adapter by implementing either the
`custom.metrics.k8s.io` or `external.metrics.k8s.io` API.

Integration of a full metrics pipeline into your Kubernetes implementation is outside
the scope of Kubernetes documentation because of the very wide scope of possible
solutions.

The choice of monitoring platform depends heavily on your needs, budget, and technical resources.
Kubernetes does not recommend any specific metrics pipeline; [many options](https://landscape.cncf.io/card-mode?category=monitoring&project=graduated,incubating,member,no&grouping=category&sort=stars) are available.

> Your monitoring system should be capable of handling the [OpenMetrics](https://openmetrics.io/) metrics

Reviewer: @joemcmahon I am pretty sure we can rephrase this better to avoid the consequent and very valid repetition of metrics. WDYT? 
```suggestion
Your monitoring system should be capable of handling the metrics transmission standard as specified by 
```

> transmission standard, and needs to chosen to best fit in to your overall design and deployment of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[OpenMetrics](https://openmetrics.io/) project, and needs to chosen to best fit in to your overall design and deployment of
```

Reviewer 2: @joemcmahon , what do you think of @divya-mohan0209 's suggestions?

Author: Looks fine!

Reviewer 2: Feel free to commit @divya-mohan0209 's suggestion to this PR
